Well, we're talking to Shana Alexander.
It's a delightful book.
Thank you.
I see.
And you say towards the end that you had put off writing this for 11 years.
Tell me a little bit about why you were concerned about writing it.
Well, it isn't exactly that.
Before my father died, I was...
This was the book I always intended to write, urged by Tommy Thompson and anyone else who knew my family and myself.
But Tommy was one of the people I remember.
Maya Angelou was another, and all kinds of savvy people who saw this unusual constellation of father, mother, daughter.
And I just had writer's block on the Patty Hearst book, and my father was too...
Yes, that's right.
And then I lost my collaborator.
We were trying to write a book about Tin Pan Alley.
And I had to go to a great many cities and talk about Patty Hearst, about whom I no longer cared anything, because I was suffused with my father's death, but I had made a kind of a pact.
with my sister and mother that I'd go ahead and do the book tour.
And I asked the various interviewers not to play any of his music.
Really?
This was a mistake, kind of a Faustian bargain that had a terrible rebound.
Because I didn't want to cry.
And I would have cried.
The music, you know, would have made me cry.
And so they didn't play the music, and I didn't cry.
And I finally got home.
Now I was ready to cry, and it had all somehow dried up.
And I didn't know what to do.
I called Irving Berlin, whom I didn't know at all.
But his daughter told me he was in one of his more reclusive than usual situations.
How old was he at this point?
Well, the year was 1979.
Yeah.
So he was over 90.
Amazing.
But Milton had worked for him.
And I didn't really know him.
I knew his daughter, Mary Ellen, somewhat.
We had known each other over the years.
And
So she said, well, you have to write to some old gorgon of a secretary.
And if the secretary thinks your letter is worthy, she will pass it along to Irving, who's up in the Catskills in their house.
The keeper of the gate, so to speak.
Exactly so.
And I did this.
And I remember rushing to the Wayne Scott Post Office, which closed at noon on Saturday in those days, to get it in the mail.
And Monday morning, I was coming in the door with an armful of groceries.
The phone was ringing on the kitchen.
counter hello Shana this is Irving so I dumped the groceries wait a minute and ran upstairs I had been a recording device on my phone because that's how we used to do point counterpoint Kilpatrick and myself one would whoever was going first I don't know if you might be too literary to remember no I enjoyed it that's how I think so many of us were introduced to you as a matter of fact um
So I had the bug on my phone, and I flipped it on.
In other words, that's the way we did the program.
If Jack was going first that week, he would write out his piece, and I would tape it, and then I would write a rebuttal, and vice versa the next week.
But as I recall, you used to face each other in the studio.
No, no, we were, Jack, this was the magic of television.
I was in the studio in Manhattan, and Jack then lived in Woodville, Virginia.
So he drove to Washington.
And we each had our script, and we had them put on teleprompters while we were being made up.
And then we read it to each other.
How do you like that?
I was fooled all those years.
But anyway, I'm sorry.
So Irving called.
So Irving called, and I, of course, taped him.
And he said, you're not taped.
And he talked to me for over an hour in the most adorable time.
and hard-nosed at the same time way.
And he said, your father wrote two great hits, Happy Days Are Here Again, and Ain't She Sweet.
That's all I know.
You're not taping this, are you?
No, sir.
I thought you were just talking to me.
I was scared.
I know, but he said to you, you're not taping this.
How was his mind after all those years?
His mind was absolutely sharp.
And what he said was, he said, I didn't really know your father very well.
It's amazing, isn't it?
He said, but the really interesting one was your mother.
And I said, and he said, your mother knows more about your father than anyone.
Talk to her.
Well, my mother was in deep grief.
He had been dead about 10 weeks.
And I called my mother and I thought to myself, maybe I can, since I don't have Milton for a collaborator, I can write about their life.
with Cecilia.
This was sort of, you know, by talking to her.
This was really a fantasy of my own because she would never talk about herself, as you know from having read the book.
But I thought it would please her that she would like hearing that Irving said she was the interesting one.
If you had had Milton as a collaborator, how different would the book be?
Oh, it would have been a completely different book.
It would have been a book about Shin Pan Alley in the years
between World War I, which is when he had his first hit in 1918, Everything is Peaches Down in Georgia, to wherever we decided to end it, you know, but certainly not beyond World War II.
And there was no such book, and there is no such book.
And Milton was the perfect person because those years were exactly his own peak years, and he
his mind was also very sharp.
He remembered everything.
He was better than one of the... Most of the songbooks, you know, that give you lists of who wrote what.
They're replete with errors.
And...
He knew it all.
He knew all the people.
He knew all the anecdotes.
He knew all the inside stories.
He was a musician.
I'm not.
I'm almost tone deaf like Cecilia.
That's amazing.
And so I couldn't do that book without him.
And the day after I had this conversation with my mother, she had a stroke.
So then I thought, God is really against me.
And I just said, oh, the hell with it.
I put this thing on the back burner and wrote half a dozen more books.
but this was always in my mind.
What was it specifically that Tommy and Maya Angelou... They wanted me to write about my parents and myself because they were unusual.
individuals and and their marriage was a very advanced form of marriage that you didn't see at least in america maybe you saw it in italy i'm not so sure you see it now either it's it really it really appears to be a unique relationship i have to say it was it was by the time i really knew them as three adults who were friends
It was a very fond relationship, although well-peppered with irritability and extremely intimate knowledge of the other person.
Chris, had you written it in collaboration with your father, do you think it would have been less honest, do you say?
Less frank, less candid?
He would be honest.
I think it would be just as honest as it is now.
That was really not the word I wanted to use, but you know what I'm saying.
I guess frank and candid and I guess all these... Because it's really hard to write about yourself, isn't it, sometimes?
It's very hard to write about your parents.
Indeed.
Particularly while they're alive, I would think.
Well, a relationship which is landmined with 20 or 30 or 50 years of history, and you have to transcend...
certain childhood feelings, I suppose, but yet not forget them.
It's not fair to leave them out.
I think what I try to do is come to a gradual understanding of these unusual and extremely reticent people and try to comprehend their relationship to the extent that any child can understand
its parents.
And that's a limited extent.
We know that.
Hausmann was right.
The night my father got me, his mind was not on me.
This is very hard for the... A child is an egotist.
What was the secret to the magic, would you say?
I would say it was several things.
It was terrific mutual respect.
Although they were very different people, each had enormous respect for the other.
They each had a good command of scorn and put down.
They were well matched.
They were witty and very bright.
And they had some kind of a commitment.
Mm-hmm.
My working title for this book was always Poles Apart, a cheap joke, but it described the relationship.
And I only changed the title at the last minute to Happy Days because that was Milton's title and I thought it was more commercial.
And I wasn't sure that my joke wasn't too cheap.
Well, you do keep it for part one.
I kept it inside.
let go of it it's really I mean it does open up you know act one and you did divide it into acts which I thought is I thought was very very nice well thank you well those arrangements sort of come to you as you write the thing over and over and over would you say you were putting off in a way doing it though I mean do you think it really was necessary I mean to to be kind to do it on your own
Would you rather have done it with Milton, or do you think it's correct to have done it this way?
It was a different book.
Of course I would rather have done it with Milton, but that would have been a book about Tin Pan Alley.
That wouldn't have been, I don't think, maybe I didn't answer your earlier question accurately, I think I didn't.
A book about Milton's relationship with his wife, I don't think he would have felt
at ease collaborating with me about it, whereas we would have both felt extremely at ease trying to write down the unwritten history of American popular music.
Where American popular music is uniquely American, and this relationship is distinctive, certainly, would you say this is a distinctively American story that you're telling here?
Well, I would say not only that, but the few people I know that are really in the music business tell me that they learned things that they didn't know before, so that there is actually new information about how different songs were written and how people worked together and what the climate was.
You mean factual type things?
Factual things, yeah.
Just things that hadn't been... There's nothing any good.
Many people have written books about having been songwriters, lyric writers or composers, but the other people that are in the industry have always sneered at the books.
Really?
Yeah.
Nobody has thought they were much good.
I think Michael Feinstein has an excellent book out now.
I don't know if you've read it.
I haven't read it.
That has a lot of good
Information particularly about Ira Gershwin and Harry Warren, who's totally unknown.
I mean, his songs are... It really is.
Tell me what it was like being a child growing up in this environment.
I mean, was it exciting, thrilling?
Were you alert that you were going through something special as a child?
I knew we were different from all other families.
We weren't like the families of any of the other children I knew in my various schools or any families that I read about in books.
And I happened to hate being different.
I couldn't stand not being exactly like Dick and Jane, you know, or Fanny Farmer and whoever her husband was.
I wanted to be what I thought of as normal.
And I thought we were weird, so it was a source of tremendous...
discomfort to me.
You know who said exactly the same thing to me a couple weeks ago was Amy Tan.
Really?
Yeah.
She said she wanted so much to be like every... Of course, she was Chinese American, whatever.
She said, all I wanted was to be... In fact, I even think she said Dick and Shane, you know.
And then, of course, when she realized that she was special and different, she said that is what is uniquely American, isn't it?
Well, that's interesting.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, it's interesting.
My mother, you see, always said
But you're different.
And she was saying, you know, you're better if you only didn't try to imitate Dick and Jane.
You would be the most wonderful creature.
But you destroy, she kept saying, you destroy yourself by trying to have straight hair or whatever I was trying to have, you know, so I would be like the other kids.
But when you look at such a strong parental background, the fact that you achieved so spectacularly on your own, I mean, that kind of runs counter to that kind of a situation, doesn't it?
People talk to me about that, you know, since people who've read this book.
And I never regarded it as achievement.
And I see now that my mother, who also achieved success,
Which is really good to me.
She was exactly the same way.
She didn't talk about her work.
She didn't think much of it.
She belittled it.
And she just wouldn't speak about it.
Why would she belittle it?
Because it was small.
Because there weren't any... It was small in comparison to her husband's work?
No, no.
I didn't ever feel any rivalry.
They were terrifically mutually supportive about one another's work.
Which is so far ahead of its time, isn't it?
Terrifically so.
I'm sorry I interrupted you.
You were talking about your own emergence from this situation.
What I wanted was to be a perfect wife and mother.
I was a terrible wife and mother.
Meanwhile, this other part of myself, which was the professional part,
grew as if it grew in the dark.
I wasn't paying any attention to it and I wasn't ambitious for that.
How do you explain what happened then?
Can you explain it?
Not really.
I think when I stopped, I'm sure I had ability, and when I stopped fighting, stopped trying to be someone else, I guess some of me came out.
I don't know.
I can't explain it.
Many, many women of my generation had the same sort of mother problem that I had.
It was quite commonplace that the daughters of women of achievement had a hard time
Well, it's... And also, I find that some of the reviewers have said, you know, as if I had had Joan Crawford for a mother.
Oh, I mean... I had a wonderful mother.
She just was a lousy mother.
She was very good at everything else.
She was wonderful fun to be with.
She was the best of company.
So...
Looking at the influences then, on the whole, you would consider them very positive then?
Oh, I think so.
I think that whatever standards I have and taste that I have, I learned from them, and they were very sharp, acute judges of behavior and of creative ability.
They had wonderful...
modesty and kind of rectitude, they had wit.
We're looking at the subtitle, My Mother, My Father, My Sister.
Me, through this conversation, we haven't even mentioned your sister yet.
That's true.
But my sister was the most important person in the constellation by the time I wrote this book, because our parents had died.
And...
My sister was the second child, and she was the unfavorite.
And it was made very clear to her that she was not the favorite.
In other words, nobody... You could say that this was a family without hypocrisy, or you could say that it was a family which, you know, which told it like it was, particularly my mother.
So she was in an awful position.
And how to write the story and not dishonor Laurel was a matter of tremendous concern to me.
So you didn't have your mother or your father to collaborate with.
How deeply did you work with your sister?
What I did was this.
I kept her informed as I was working.
as to what I was doing, who I was talking to.
Because I didn't want her to feel left out of.
I wanted her to be fully, you know, briefed.
And when I finally had a manuscript, I sent it to her.
And she was the first person I sent it to.
And she's a very busy woman in her own right.
She's a technical writer, and she...
She is the kind of den mother to a whole bunch of other writers.
Whatever they do is classified, so I don't know, but they do it seven days a week, and she's still at it.
So I had to wait quite a few days before I heard from Laurel, and those were anxious, heart-stopping days.
And finally the phone rang, and she said, Shana, you have written a wonderful book.
She said, of course, there are quite a number of mistakes in it.
I will correct them.
Factual things.
Yes, things that I misremembered.
Or to use a wonderful Irish word, disremembered.
I like that.
But how about impressions?
Did she feel like she had gotten a fair shake?
Oh, yes.
Yes, she didn't feel at all resentful.
That's what I was concerned about.
She felt that I had...
This is her nature.
She felt that I had exaggerated her work, her talents, her husband's abilities, her daughter's abilities.
She felt that I had... She always feels that I overstate.
How about your sense that she was the unfavorite?
Do you think perhaps you overstated that?
No, because she and I have talked about that.
And...
I know how awful it was for Laurel, but the point is that I'd never even talked to her about it until we were over 50.
So I was just going to ask you, if you ever discussed it.
I was the one who couldn't stand to face it.
She faced it at the age of two and always dealt with it.
Usually it's the younger one who's less mature.
Would you say there's a question of maturity here or understanding things?
I would say that in this case, the younger one is the more mature.
Really?
And the more level.
Yes, without question.
That's kind of funny.
Yeah, I really have hesitated to ask you things about the matters that explain themselves perfectly in the book.
So, you know, I have that.
So I don't want to take up too much of your time.
And I really did want to get some quotes.
I enjoyed it.
It's a nice read.
And how many books now have you written?
This must be... Well, about a dozen, I think.
I guess you could count.
I put them all in the...
Okay, yeah, there they are.
I've got them right here.
You say at some point that you feel that this is the book you were born to write?
Somebody at Doubleday said it.
Oh, okay, somebody at Doubleday.
But I think they said it correctly.
I mean, I think that I made out of this book, out of this story, which originally was double the length of what you read.
And I was determined not to have a long book and not to tell everything, but to cover the ground.
fairly.
I think I made a little monument to these two little remarkable people that did a fair job, does a fair job of depicting them and memorializing them.
And it was terribly hard to do because they were my mother and father.
And also because I couldn't, there was only a
a finite amount of material.
I'm not a novelist or a fiction writer.
I couldn't make stuff up and I didn't.
And I feel that I've done something that is worthwhile and that
If they saw it, they would like it.
They might not tell me so, but I think they'd be pleased.
You wrote this largely through the prism of memory, of course, and you really didn't have factual material.
Well, I did a lot of research.
There were still, in particular, my mother's younger brother, a doctor, he has since died, but he had...
And I wouldn't have understood how my grandparents were cousins if I didn't have him.
But I mean, in terms of the things that you experience and that you remember, it really has to be memory, of course.
It isn't memory.
It isn't biography.
But it's a very affectionate and respectful book, and I think that's very important, I think, to point that out in this age of...
So do I. I hope you will point it out.
It is.
I mean, it's nice, and it's very evocative, too, and I think you really captured the spirit of past times.
I'm working out my sentences here, I think.
How old are you?
52.
I see.
Your voice is younger.
Well, thank you.
One likes to know since I've put in my voice.
The art director is the fellow who found the picture.
I just...
I love it, Jack.
I love it, too.
I'm looking at it, and we say... The one on the cover.
Yeah, we talk about an evocative book.
Yeah, Cecilia took the picture.
I'm in a divorce mill called Pyramid Lake.
I'm getting my first divorce, and she came to see me.
And that's a snapshot, and this guy found it, the art director, and blew it up, you know, and knew that it had... But you look so happy.
Yes, I was happy.
I'm in the same place.
It has sort of literary...
overtones or undertones, because A.J.
Liebling, it was a tiny little place called Pyramid Lake, and the phone number I remember was Pyramid Lake 1, and there wasn't any Pyramid Lake 2.
Isn't that funny?
It was just one little kind of really modest dude ranch on an Indian reservation north of Reno.
And Liebling had been there before me, and after me came Arthur Miller, and that's where the misfits happened.
I mean, that's where he saw the horse wranglers, you know, the people who rounded up the wild horses.
Now, you mentioned all the other books that you've done, but I also sense that you could only have written this book at this point in your life.
Yes, you're right.
I couldn't have done it.
I didn't have enough detachment or...
grasp or nerve?
Yeah, I mean, there are certain things that are right at certain times.
I just wrote, my first book has just been published, I'm pleased to say.
What did you write about?
I wrote about bibliomania, book madness, and the title of the book is A Gentle Madness, and it's about to go into its fourth printing, I'm thrilled to say.
It's my first book at the age of... Does it mean people, how do you use the term?
I know the term, but...
Someone has a book about someone who's been stealing books.
Is that your book?
That's my book.
Okay.
Well, that's just one of the chapters.
Yes, right.
And it's doing pretty good.
They told me yesterday that the third printing is gone.
and the back order is like 2,600 books, and it's a big expensive book, you know, nobody expected to buy it, and one of these great exciting things, but I've maintained, I could not have written it, you know, 15 years ago, I had to be this age to... What were you doing 15 years ago?
I was a book editor in Worcester, I was writing a literary column, and
And it came time to leave.
I've got two young daughters, and, you know, after 15 years at the same place, it's time to... Yes, I had a friend who correctly advised me every seven years.
I wish I had taken that advice more literally.
Bill Atwood, did you ever know Bill?
No, I didn't, actually.
But I remember you quoted... Tommy Thompson gave me a quote, and then you quoted it as well.
My book, by the way, is thrilling, my publisher.
The first printing was 6,700 and we're about to up to 50,000.
Yeah, it really is.
And so they want to know what the next book is.
And I remember you telling me, you quoted Tommy Thompson.
It's like picking somebody that you're going to sleep with for the next three or four or five years, whether or not you really want to do this book.
Well, yes, the person lives in your head.
And particularly if you don't have two young daughters or, you know, in other words, if you live with two young dogs, as I do, or a middle-aged dog and her young son, and you don't have much family around, even more so, there's no relief from the characters you're writing about.
And that's why I never wrote, I used to tell everybody, why has no one done a biography of Roy Cohn?
because finally Nick von Hoffman did one, somebody else did one, but for a long time there wasn't any.
And people would say back, why don't you do it?
You're the perfect person.
Roy Cohn?
Yeah.
Well, David McCullough quit doing Picasso.
He says, the more I looked into him, the more I hated him.
He says, I quit.
I didn't know that, but you do have to be self-preservative.
Yeah, and he said, that was it.
He said, why should I spend my... Then he switched over to Truman, you know, somebody he really liked and admired.
Now the Counter-Reformation is setting in.
I know.
But I like McCulloch's Truman.
Well, I do.
He's such a wonderful writer.
I do, too.
Well, you write to be read, I think.
That's one of the things I really enjoy about your books.
And you also mentioned your friendship with Gene Harris, how there was a subject for a book who became a friend and a confidant.
And more than that, really...
Nick, because if I could write a play, I would love to write a play.
In fact, once in a while I work at it a little bit, but a very strange thing happened over the 12 years that she was in prison.
We got to know each other, and I actually didn't start.
I had started work on the book the day that I heard that she was arrested, but
Her lawyers tried to keep us apart during the trial, and it was only after they succeeded in getting her convicted that I had free access to her and she to me, because in a woman's prison, most of them have young children, and so they have to have extremely liberal visiting hours.
And so I could spend as much time with Jean as I wanted if I, you know, up in the slammer.
And she never read the book, and I can tell that she still hasn't read it.
And after it came out, then she wrote a book and finally three books, one of which was a book of letters to me, but it's really a description of prison life.
But a shift in the balance of power took place over those years, and whereas in the beginning, in my image, she was like a drowning person holding on to me.
I believed her, and very few people did.
And by the end of it, of the 12 years, I felt that she was holding me up by her staunch friendship.
And she's very funny and marvelous to talk to.
That would make a wonderful play, by the way.
It would make a great play.
I can just see it staged.
It would be so easy to stage because it could be very spare.
And I would like to do it in the phone conversation.
Two characters.
That's all you need.
And it'll keep two old actresses really happy.
It would be wonderful.
Let's see, one other question.
What else did I want to ask you about, Jean Harris?
Well, when you think about that woman did 12 years, and you think of somebody like Simpson, when you look at the comparison of the crimes now, and that she actually, with her heart condition, and the fact that she's no threat to anybody, I think of this now, that she did 12 years.
Yes, and that she would, if she hadn't had the heart condition, and if the governor hadn't got...
frightened that she might not survive the surgery.
She'd still be there.
I'm sure of it.
Amazing.
Well, listen, I'm going to let you go.
I had a wonderful chat.
I've enjoyed it very much.
And this will make a great piece.
And I have a couple of papers that take me, by the way, Tallahassee, for instance, and Asbury Park in New Jersey.
I've done pretty well going after these papers.
And you made your own syndicate.
It's called Literary Features Syndicate, believe it or not.
And what I do is offer these wonderful interviews and profiles of authors of what I consider important books.
I do one a week, and I... Could you send me more than just myself?
Sure.
I'd love to read some of them.
Oh, I do... Because I'm looking for some other sort of things to do.
Well, sure, I'd be happy to.
It'd be my pleasure.
I'd love to read them.
I mean, I'd like to read Umberto Eco or anybody else.
Umberto Eco, Doris Lessing, Amy Tan, Anne Beattie.
I do a different one each week.
Did you do, was Doris Lessing here or did you go?
I went to New York to do her last year.
Oh, but I mean she was in New York.
This was last year.
Yeah.
Yeah, when she came.
I'll travel to do these interviews.
Normally I like to do a face-to-face interview, but I did tell Marley.
I am impressed by your book.
That means a great deal to me.
You know how it is.
It's so hard to do these telephone things, and I would much rather do them.
in person, but I have met you before, so we are both journalists, so we know what we're doing.
What's the feeling about the other person?
You're very easy to talk to, and I know that I'll like whatever you do.
People say to me, how come you like everyone that you write about?
I say, because I choose the people I want to write about.
Very selective.
That's the hard kind of writing.
It is, isn't it?
And to sustain it week after week.
Because my mother was a critic, and she too felt it was absolutely, she felt, you know, honor bound if she'd like something to celebrate it in appropriate terms.
And we were having a little mini film festival at the Museum of Modern Art in December, if you're ever in New York.
I'm in often, actually.
Well, it's December 7th.
Pearl Harbor Day.
And the museum helped me sort out her reviews, her papers, and I gave them all.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
And so they're going to show a movie called The King of Jazz, which movie buffs.
It was a very early talking movie.
There's quite a bit about it in my book.
You can have the first dolly shots, the first cartoon, the first color, the first everything.
And Milton wrote most of the songs.
So they're going to show that in the morning and in the evening or in the afternoon.
In the evening, they're going to show The Treasure of Sierra Madre because among Cecilia's papers is a letter from John Huston that says that her review of that movie, which I quote a little bit of in my book, was the best movie review he'd ever read.
Isn't that something?
There must have been something growing up with so much creative energy, though, in the household.
I didn't know anything else.
It didn't strike you as being extraordinary at the time, that there was so much, that people were thinking and feeling differently in your household than they were every place else?
No, to be honest, it struck me as acutely embarrassing.
That's a good line.
I can use that.
I'm not proud of it, but that's the truth.
Well, embarrassing in what sense?
We're back to Dick and Jane.
But when other people were there, they would embarrass you?
You would feel embarrassed?
God, when they came, occasionally they came to school.
Almost never.
But on those rare occasions that they did.
Oh, yes.
I mean, my mother was a very fashionable woman.
She didn't look like any of the other mothers or any of the teachers in the school.
And she smoked and I don't know.
I just couldn't stand it.
Well, I'm going to let you go.
I do miss those point-counterpoint exchanges.
That was very... That was only fun for a while.
You know, after a while.
After a while, it's like engraving the Lord's Prayer.
I think, yeah.
You can do it.
It had its run, I guess.
And it had its run, and it had very unpleasant aspects.
And so I'm extremely glad to be out of it.
Unpleasant?
You mean personally?
Personally, fiscally.
Really?
And...
I felt exploited.
In what respect?
That you were the token woman on TV?
I could never get more than $600 a week.
Jesus.
You're kidding me.
And when I finally said, I can't do this.
$600 is all you got for that?
Yes.
And so did Jack.
But Jack was writing three columns a week.
Well, he had a regular gig going, though.
Yes, that's what I mean.
In other words, he was up on things.
Yeah.
If we were going to, if we decided to do the defense budget or, you know, agricultural subsidies, whatever we were going to do.
He was part of the Washington Press Corps, and he was writing three a week.
For me, it was a way of staying legitimate as a journalist, because by that time I was drowning in my Patty Hearst.
Yeah.
It did give you a visibility, though, that was, I think millions of people know who you are who might not otherwise.
Millions of people.
Yeah, I just said that, millions.
Many, many millions.
Yeah.
But they have me.
But to them, I'm the ignorant slut.
Come on now.
Maybe they're right.
Don't say that.
I was very ignorant for a long time.
Oh, no.
Well, I dispute that, and I'm going to let you go.
You're a nice fan.
It was fun to talk to you.
I enjoyed it.
Let me see some of them.
I'll be pleased to.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.